feat: allow for varying ship landing speeds (#7145)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/tooltips.txt

tip "jump range:"
	`How far you can jump between systems using this drive.`

tip "landing speed:"

> 	`How much faster than normal your ship is able to land on a planet, or travel trough a whormhole.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	`How much faster than normal your ship is able to land on a planet, or travel through a wormhole.`
```
